== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.

=== TODO ===

* Enable suggesting teams, all team members at the same time.
  - DONE: First backend, POST /games/:id/missions/:id/suggest
  - DONE: Frontend, click in user list to add user to suggestion, click again to remove.
    Accept suggestion with button. Add an area above mission list to display
    active content.
  - DONE: Frontend, update game after new nomination
  - DONE: Only allow nominating correct number of players

* Let everyone vote on a suggestion.
  - DONE: Backend, only accept one vote per player
  - IGNORED: Backend, let client request voting results
  - DONE: Backend, whithhold voting details until all votes are in
  - DONE: Backend, only accept nomination if all other nominations in this mission have been voted on.
  - DONE: Frontend, display vote view on nomination created
  - DONE: Frontend, let player vote
  - DONE: Backend, Only let one nomination to be created at a time

* Keep track of whos turn it is to suggest, the king
  - DONE

* Only let the king suggest teams
  - DONE

* If a suggestion passes, dont allow another suggestion for the same mission.
  - DONE

* Automagically pass the fifth nomination
  - DONE

* If a suggestion passes, let all participating players choose fail or success.
  - DONE: Backend: Let nominated players choose result
  - DONE: Backend: Only allow one result per nominated player
  - DONE: Backend: Never leak the user of a result

* Advance king role after vote
  - DONE

* Advance game to next mission on completed mission.
  - DONE

* After three successfull or failed missions, end the game and display result
  - DONE

* Let players make comments on and mark other players

==== UI ====

* collapse player list on small screens

* Current activity area above game board area

* Display current king with a crown symbol

* Hide success/fail buttons when result is submitted
  - Backend: return player of a result if it is current player

==== Bugs ====

* Advance king when last nomination is hammered
